SDK 2.0 - getting started guides (#1487)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/iota-sdk/2.0/docs/getting-started/rust.mdx

#### Dependencies

You must also install `cmake`, `clang`, `pkg-config` and `openssl`. You may need to install additional build tools on
your system to run the build process successfully using Cargo.

<Tabs groupId="os" queryString>
<TabItem value="linux" label="Linux">

You can install `cmake`, `clang`, and `openssl` with your distro's package manager or download them from their websites.
On Debian and Ubuntu, you will also need the `build-essential` and `libudev-dev` packages.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="mac" label="macOS">

You can install `cmake` and `openssl` with `Homebrew`:

```
brew install cmake openssl@1.1
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="windows" label="Windows">

You can download `cmake` from the [official website](https://cmake.org/download/). You can install `openssl`
with [vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg) or [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/).

<Tabs groupId="windowsPackageManager" queryString>
<TabItem value="vcpkg" label="vcpkg">

```shell
./vcpkg.exe install openssl:x64-windows
./vcpkg.exe integrate install
# You may want to add this to the system environment variables since you'll need it to compile the crate
set VCPKGRS_DYNAMIC=1
```

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="chocolatey" label="chocolatey">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="chocolatey" label="chocolatey" default>
```
or swap them. I still think vcpkg is not used by many 😅

```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Install the SDK Using Cargo

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="cargo" label="Cargo add">

To start using the IOTA SDK in your Rust project, you can include it as a dependencies in your project's `Cargo.toml` by running:

```bash
cargo add iota-sdk@2.0.0
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="manual" label="Cargo.toml">

To start using the IOTA SDK in your Rust project, you can include the following line under `dependencies` in your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
iota-sdk = "2.0.0"
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Build the SDK from Source

1. Download the repository to any directory you choose:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/iotaledger/iota-sdk
   ```

2. Move to the base directory:

```shell
cd iota-sdk/
   ```

3. Checkout the `2.0` branch:

 ```bash
 git checkout 2.0
    ```

4. Build the SDK by running the following:

```shell
cargo build
   ```

## Usage

### Client

To use the Client module, you simply need to create a `Client`.

```rust reference
https://github.com/iotaledger/iota-sdk/blob/2.0/sdk/examples/client/getting_started.rs#L10-L23
```

### Wallet

To use the Wallet module, you need to create a `Wallet`.

> For this example to work `features = ["stronghold"]` is needed in the Cargo.toml import. To persist the wallet in a database,
> `"rocksdb"` can be added.

Reviewer 2: For me this example doesn't run without:

```suggestion
For this example to work `features = ["stronghold", "storage"]` is needed in the Cargo.toml import.
```

```rust reference
https://github.com/iotaledger/iota-sdk/blob/2.0/sdk/examples/wallet/getting_started.rs#L12-L56

> ```

Reviewer 2: - Get getting started guides consistently using `.env`: iotaledger/iota-sdk#2190
- Mention `.env` file used, ideally even its contents: iotaledger/iota-wiki#1520
